.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd June 14, 2009
.Os "Mac OS X"
.Dt ALERT \&1 "CLIMac Reference Manual"
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify 
.Nm alert
.Nd display dialog
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Op Fl m Ar msg
.Op Fl i Ar info
.Op Fl I Ar icon
.Op Fl s No info \*(Ba warn \*(Ba critical
.Ar button ...
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Pp
The
.Nm
utility displays a pop-up alert dialog.
.Pp
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width 4n
.It Fl m , -message Ar msg
The main message of the alert.
.It Fl i , -info Ar info
Additional information about the alert.
.It Fl I , -icon Ar icon
The icon displayed in the alert.
.It Fl s , -style Ar style
The type of alert. One of
.Sq info ,
.Sq warn
or
.Sq critical .
The default alert style is
.Sq warn .
.Sq critical
should be reserved for critical alerts and will cause the icon to be badged with a caution icon.
.El

.\".Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.\".Sh EXAMPLES
.Sh DIAGNOSTICS
The
.Nm
utility exits 0 on success, and \*(Gt0 if an error occurs.
.\".Sh COMPATIBILITY
.Sh SEE ALSO 
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.Xr cp 1 ,
.Xr mv 1
.\" .Sh BUGS              \" Document known, unremedied bugs
.\" .Sh HISTORY           \" Document history if command behaves in a unique manner
.Sh AUTHORS
.Pp
The
.Nm
utility was written by
.An Sq Vacuous Virtuoso
.Aq http://lipidity.com