.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd June 14, 2009
.Os "Mac OS X"
.Dt BEEP \&1 "CLIMac Reference Manual"
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify 
.Nm beep
.Nd play the system alert sound
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Op Fl v Ar volume
.Op Fl l
.Op Ar sound
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Pp
With no arguments, the
.Nm
utility plays the system alert sound as specified in System Preferences.
.Pp
A different
.Ar sound
file to play may be specified (this argument may be the path to a sound file or the name of a system sound). Other options modify how the sound is played:
.Bl -ohang
.It Fl l Ns / Ns Fl -loop
.D1 Play the sound repeatedly (until SIGQUIT is received).
.It Fl v Ns / Ns Fl -volume
.D1 Volume at which to play the alert sound ranging from 0.0 (minimum) to 1.0 (maximum).
.El
.\".Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.\".Sh EXAMPLES
.Sh DIAGNOSTICS
The
.Nm
utility exits 0 on success, and \*(Gt0 if an error occurs.
.\".Sh COMPATIBILITY
.Sh SEE ALSO 
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.Xr afplay 1
.Sh BUGS              \" Document known, unremedied bugs
.Pp
The volume of the sound played by this tool is slightly louder than the real alert sound.
.\" .Sh HISTORY           \" Document history if command behaves in a unique manner
.Sh AUTHORS
.Pp
The
.Nm
utility was written by
.An Sq Vacuous Virtuoso
.Aq http://lipidity.com