.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd June 14, 2009
.Os "Mac OS X"
.Dt TRASH \&1 "CLIMac Reference Manual"
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify 
.Nm trash
.Nd move files to trash
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Ar
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Pp
The
.Nm
utility moves
.Ar file
to the trash folder on the volume containing the file. If a file with the same name currently exists in the trash folder, the new file is renamed. If no trash folder exists on the volume containing the file, the operation fails.
.Pp
Symlinks are never followed. Metadata such as owner and group numbers, file permissions, and modification date are preserved.
.\".Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.\".Sh EXAMPLES
.Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.Pp
The
.Nm
utility exits 0 on success, and \*(Gt0 if an error occurs.
.\".Sh COMPATIBILITY
.Sh SEE ALSO 
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.Xr mv 1
.Sh BUGS              \" Document known, unremedied bugs
.Pp
The Cocoa APIs which the
.Nm
utility uses assert that you need write permissions on the containing directory for the operation to succeed. This means escalation via
.Xr sudo 1
currently has little effect.
.\" .Sh HISTORY           \" Document history if command behaves in a unique manner
.Sh AUTHORS
.Pp
The
.Nm
utility was written by
.An Sq Vacuous Virtuoso
.Aq http://lipidity.com