.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd June 14, 2009
.Os "Mac OS X"
.Dt SHADOWS \&1 "CLIMac Reference Manual"
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify 
.Nm winshadow
.\" The following lines are read in generating the apropos(man -k) database. Use only key
.\" words here as the database is built based on the words here and in the .ND line.
.Nd modify window shadows
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Op Fl sdxyf
.Ar windowNumber ...
.Nm
set
.Op Fl s Ar std-dev
.Op Fl d Ar density
.Op Fl x Ar x-offset
.Op Fl y Ar y-offset
.Op Fl f Ar flags
.Ar windowNumber ...
.Nm
.Op Fl on \*(Ba off \*(Ba toggle \*(Ba state
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Pp
In the first synopsis form, the
.Nm
utility prints information about the shadows of the specified windows. Windows are specified by window numbers which can be determined by the
.Xr win 1
command. If no options are specified, all available information is printed, otherwise the following flags determine what is printed:
.Bl -tag -width "4n" -offset indent -compact
.It Fl s
standard deviation
.It Fl d
density
.It Fl x
horizontal offset
.It Fl y
vertical offset
.It Fl f
options
.El
.Pp
In the second synopsis form, the shadows of the specified windows are modified.
.Pp
In the third synopsis form, shadows are enabled or disabled globally
.Pq ie\&. for all windows .
.El
.\" 
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT      \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -tag -width "ENV_VAR_1" -indent \" ENV_VAR_1 is width of the string ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_1
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_2
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_2
.\" .El                      
.Sh DIAGNOSTICS       \" May not be needed
.Pp
The
.Nm
utility exits 0 on success, and \*(Gt0 if an error occurs.
.Pp
With the
.Fl state
flag, exits 0 if windows are enabled globally and 1 if they are disabled.
.\" .Bl -diag
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .El
.Sh BUGS
.Nm
uses undocumented functions to accomplish its work.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.Xr win 1
.Sh AUTHORS
.Pp
The
.Nm
utility was written by
.An Sq Vacuous Virtuoso
.Aq http://lipidity.com