.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd June 14, 2009
.Os
.Dt ANY2TXT \&1 "CLIMac Reference Manual"
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify 
.Nm any2txt
.Nd convert document to plain text
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Ar inputfile
.Op Ar outputfile
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Pp
The
.Nm
tool extracts the text from a range of file types such as HTML, PDF, RTF and even Microsoft Word documents.
.\"  On Mac OS X 10.5 and above, iWork (eg. Pages) and Office (eg. Word) documents are also supported.
.Pp
On Mac OS X 10.5 and above,
.Nm
attempts to generate a QuickLook preview from which the text is extracted.
.Pp
UTF-8 encoding is used for all output.
.\".Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.\".Sh EXAMPLES
.Sh DIAGNOSTICS
The
.Nm
utility exits 0 on success, and \*(Gt0 if an error occurs.
.\".Sh COMPATIBILITY
.Sh SEE ALSO 
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.Xr cat 1 ,
.Xr less 1
.\" .Sh BUGS              \" Document known, unremedied bugs
.\" .Sh HISTORY           \" Document history if command behaves in a unique manner
.Sh AUTHORS
.Pp
The
.Nm
utility was written by
.An Sq Vacuous Virtuoso
.Aq http://lipidity.com