.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd June 14, 2009
.Os "Mac OS X"
.Dt TRASH \&1 "CLIMac Reference Manual"
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify 
.Nm trash
.Nd move files to trash
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Op Fl v
.Ar
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Pp
The
.Nm
utility
moves a file or directory to the Trash, adjusting the
.No object Ap s
name if necessary. The appropriate trash folder is chosen based on the source volume and the current user.
.Pp
If the source volume does not support a trash folder, this utility does nothing and returns an error.
.\".Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.\".Sh EXAMPLES
.Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.Pp
The
.Nm
utility exits 0 on success, and \*(Gt0 if an error occurs.
.\".Sh COMPATIBILITY
.Sh SEE ALSO 
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.Xr mv 1
.Sh BUGS              \" Document known, unremedied bugs
.Pp
The
.Dq put back
mechanism introduced in 10.6 is not supported as it relies on .DS_Store files. A script to do this with extended attributes instead is provided at
.Pa eg/recycle
in your CLIMac destribution.
.Pp
The API which is used stipulates that you have write permissions on the containing directory for the operation to succeed. This means escalation via
.Xr sudo 1
currently has little effect.
.\" .Sh HISTORY           \" Document history if command behaves in a unique manner
.Sh AUTHORS
.Pp
The
.Nm
utility was written by
.An Sq Vacuous Virtuoso
.Aq http://lipidity.com