.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd June 14, 2009
.Os "Mac OS X"
.Dt XATTR \&1 "CLIMac Reference Manual"
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify 
.Nm xattr
.\" The following lines are read in generating the apropos(man -k) database. Use only key
.\" words here as the database is built based on the words here and in the .ND line.
.Nd manipulate the extended attributes of files
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Op Fl LRC
.Op Fl p Ar name \*(Ba Fl o Ar name \*(Ba Fl d Ar name \*(Ba Fl w Ar name
.Ar
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Pp
Extended attributes extend the basic attributes of files and directories in the file system. They are stored as name:data pairs associated with file system objects (files, directories, symlinks, etc).
.Pp
The xattr command lists, writes, prints or deletes extended attributes. It is mostly backwards-compatible with the python script of the same name that ships Mac OS X 10.5.
.Pp
With no options,
.Nm
lists the names of the extended attributes associated with the given files.
.Pp
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width 4n
.It Fl p Ar name
Print a hex dump of the extended attribute data associated with
.Ar name .
.It Fl o Ar name
Output the raw data of the extended attribute data associated with
.Ar name .
.It Fl d Ar name
Delete the specified extended attribute.
.It Fl w Ar name
Set (write) the specified extended attribute. Data to associate with
.Ar name
is taken from the standard input.
.It Fl L
Follow symbolic links. If
.Ar file
is a symbolic link, operations will be performed on the target of
.Ar file Ns , and not on Ar file
itself.
.It Fl C
Create new extended attributes; fail rather than replace an existing one.
.It Fl R
Replace existing extended attributes; fail rather than create a new one.
.El
.Pp
For the
.Fl p , o
and
.Fl d
options:
.Bl -bullet
.It
If 
.Ar name
is
.Sq - Ns ,
read a newline-separated list of extended attribute names from the standard input.
.It
If the option flag is in upper-case,
.\" .Pq ie. Fl P , O , D ,
perform the action on
.Sy all
extended attributes associated with the given files
.Pq Fl P No to print all , Fl O No to output all , Fl D No to delete all .
.El
.\" 
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT      \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -tag -width "ENV_VAR_1" -indent \" ENV_VAR_1 is width of the string ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_1
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_2
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_2
.\" .El                      
.Sh DIAGNOSTICS       \" May not be needed
The
.Nm
utility exits 0 on success, and \*(Gt0 if an error occurs.
.\" .Bl -diag
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .El
.Sh SEE ALSO
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.Xr getxattr 2 , 
.Xr listxattr 2 , 
.Xr removexattr 2 ,
.Xr setxattr 2
.Sh HISTORY
.Pp
Extended attributes first appeared in Mac OS X 10.4.
.Sh AUTHORS
.Pp
The
.Nm
utility was written by
.An Sq Vacuous Virtuoso
.Aq http://lipidity.com